However,
if one So the next commander,
the test.
Come on.
The test command is used.
Toe check.
The file types file is existing or not.
I also used to compare the values as well.
The test come on is used in conditional execution as well.
So Syntex is very simple.
This is a test on condition,
condition could be anything and you know,
comparison off any numbers or you can check the existing off any file.
So after the condition,
two things can be happened at the two of falls.
My condition should be satisfied or should not be satisfied if it is satisfied that it is
going to implement this one.
So here we have em person us time and to if my condition is satisfied.
So whatever you have mentioned here,
this is going to be implement.
If my condition is not satisfied that this is going to be,
you know,
print.
That is after price time off pipe.
So here we have simple example.
Test 100 is gooder than 99.
I m percent price time echo.
Yes,
that's true.
Pipe sign Price time.
I could.
That's not that's false.
So this come on will print the text years.
That's true because hundreds skater than 99.
So here we have another example,
this one test 100 is less than 99.
So my condition is not satisfied here.
So this is going to be implement This one,
that is no,
because 100 is not less than 99.
So at the last you can see that is you know,
ah,
file.
It is going to check a file.
That is it easy host.
It could be any fine.
You can put any file.
As for your requirement now they're two conditions to or falls.
Whether the files as this thing are,
the file is not existing If the file is existing So this is going to print this one after m
percent.
So I am percent means the condition is true.
So whatever you have mentioned after the M percent rise time,
so this is going to be,
you know,
implement if the condition is satisfied.
So I'm just moving towards my box on Let's do some practice test five five.
Is it going to five?
So here you can see that the condition is satisfied because five is able to find that true
after that I have used twice time in person on echo.
I'm putting Yes,
on Echo?
No.
So it is going to type?
Yes,
because condition is satisfying here.
If I am putting five is equal to six,
then?
No,
Because condition is not satisfying here.
You can put anything like Fife is not equal to someone.
That's true.
Let me clear the fine touch on there.
I'm going to get a final this host,
Okay?
Death hyphen F on.
I'm looking for this file.
That is host.
Okay,
I know that this file is existing.
Didn't Tam now?
Okay,
so find missing.
so file existing Because they just don't have the file.
I'm going to delete this fight.
Okay?
Again,
I'm fighting this.
Come on.
The file is missing so you can use the test.
Do you know,
check the file types and,
you know,
file existing off if I like this or not.
And also,
you have seen that how we have used the test Command to compare the values as well.
In the next lecture,
I'm going to get a simple self script in which I'm going to use if else,
you know,
check.
Come on.
So thanks for watching.
The Lechter will soon The next lecture about